LAST UPDATED May 8, 2018


DEFINITIONS

The use of the following product ("Reflex", "the Plugin", "the Software") created and
maintained by the Reflex Development Team ("the Developers", "We", "Our") by the end
user ("the User", "You", "Your") indicates complete and absolute agreement of the User
with all of the following terms, conditions and statements ("the Terms", "the Conditions").


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.  Ignorance of the Terms or outdated knowledge of them is not an excuse. You agree that
    Your knowledge of the Terms is always up to date, while We reserve the right to update
    those at any time, with or without a public or personal notification of any kind.
   
2.  Any kind of an arbitrary or involuntary violation of the Terms may result in sanctions
    in Your direction, with or without a notification or a warning about that. The sanctions
    may be one or more of the following at the same time:
    
        (a) Complete or partial refusal in further support regarding the Software;
        
        (b) Complete or partial restrictions to the use of the Software or its parts,
            including, but not limited to, permanent or temporary termination of Your
            copy of the Plugin without any refund;
            
        (c) A complaint in relation to Your account in Spigot, PayPal or any other
            service related to Reflex directly or indirectly in any way;
            
        (d) Any other form of sanction not listed in the Terms which We suppose to
            be suitable for the actual potential violation case.
            
3.  Unless required by the law or agreed in writing, the Software is provided "as is".
    We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including,
    but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
    purpose and non-infringement. We are not liable to You for any cost, loss or liability
    however caused even if We have been advised of the possibility of such damages. You are
    solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using Reflex and assume any
    risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under the Terms.
    
4.  Any form of redistribution of the Plugin or its parts, including, but not limited to, as
    a part of any other software package, is expressly forbidden unless agreed in writing.
    
5.  Any kind of reverse-engineering, decompilation, deobfuscation, modification or distribution
    of the Software source code or its parts, including, but not limited to, as a part of any
    other software package, is expressly forbidden unless agreed in writing.
    
6.  You reserve the right to use the Software under the Terms on any number of devices, servers
    and hosts, but if and only if you are the owner or any other authorized representative of those.
    
7.  You take the full responsibility of the holding Software. That is, You are the only one who will be
    labeled absolutely guilty in case Your copy of Reflex gets noticed violating the Terms in any form,
    even if You yourself has not been participating in those violations directly or if they happened
    after You lost control over your copy of the Software, deliberately or by an accident.
    
8.  By making a purchase You agree to the complete knowledge and understanding of the Terms, that
    the purchase is entirely conscious and is desired by You and only You. You agree that You are
    either 18 (eighteen) years old or that You have got a special permission from Your parents or
    any other legal representative(s) to make a purchase.
    
9.  Unless required by law or agreeded in writing, any kind of chargeback, payback or refund,
    including, but not limited to, using the PayPal disputes system, is expressly forbidden.
    

Copyright Reflex Development Team (reflex.rip), 2018
